Well, given how we must rely on you now, you better be good at what you are doing!
Before we begin anything, let me introduce you the GPA system.
GPA stands for Graduate Power Assessment.
Without enough GPA, you are underqualified to wield certain skills, equipment, or be able to leave this place to challenge harder monsters.
You can prove your ability as a savior by getting high GPA.
This sounds oddly familiar does it not?
Now, to increase your GPA, you need to do quizzes!
They will be multiple choice questions, may luck be on your side.
Let's try an example, shall we?
Quiz
So... what spells can you cast?
Wait, what do you mean nothing??
Are we really relying on you to save the world?
Ugh, fine, let me teach you a basic skill in computer science.
This skill is called print ("Hello, World!"), you will write codes as projectiles to fight off monsters.
Usually you will learn new skills by passing quizzes, this one is free.
Let's try this on practice targets, shall we?
Monster1
Great job, you see, now you have ability points!
You may increase abilities by opening the ability window and clicking on the "+" signs.
In fact, there are many other windows you can open to manage your possession.
For examples, you can open your equipment window to view your equipment or inventory window to consume items by clicking on them.
If they are consumerables, they will be used up to replenish your HP and MP.
If they are equipment, you will be immediately equipped with them.
Also, you can open your skill window to unlock skills and level up them by clicking on the "+" signs.
Now, let's try it out!
-
Here, take some coins, you've earned it!
That is all for now, I need to go back to take care of the refugees.
Come back when you are level 7, good luck, mate!
InstructorDeath
Oh, truth to be told, I did not expect you to come this far.
In the following levels, monsters will be much more fierce.
They will track down where you are, and follow you until they could bite you to death or you could defeat them.
Let's see if you can deal with one of them, shall we?
Monster2
Wow, you actually pull it off, nice job!
But that is not all, different types of distractor will now start emerging and distrubing you as well.
One of them is called the freerider curse, once they possessed you, your movement speed will be drastically lowered.
Let's see its actual effects now, shall we?
Freerider
See? It makes you extremely susceptible to monsters' attack, so try your best not to be possessed.
There's also another type of distractor called the couple.
They will chase you until you are caught, and once that happens, you could not move for a couple of seconds.
Let's examine its effects again, shall we?
Girlfriend
Same as the freerider curse, they make you extremely susceptible to monsters' attack.
For the last practice, let's try what it will be like if monster and distractors appear at the same time, shall we?
All
That's all I can do to prepare you against the upcoming challenges, stay sharp, savior.
InstructorDeath2
In this stage, you are going to experience your first internship quest.
This is your client, and you shall be trying your best to cater to his requirements.
Here you go.
So, you are the intern huh?
Quiz2
I would suggest you to treat experience the most important aspect.
You better be prepared, There will be tons of work waiting for you ahead.
Quiz3
I really think you should try searching answers yourself, that is how you learn and progress.
Then, let's see how will you perform in this internship.
InstructorDeath3
In this final stage, you will be experiencing your Final Year Project Simulation.
You will need to find different items around the map to build and satisfy your FYP product.
If you want to pick up the items, press C.
Now, let's try to pick up all the items in this map.
Items
Great job! Now, for the last challenge, you will try defeating the EVIL PROFESSOR.
Are you ready?
Let's go!
Professor